Okay, So what gets romanticized about the human Davey that that really
isn't that great? So I'd have to say in my own, in my own case, you
know, trying to balance the at the demands of being at sea with a family.
And I had personally, you know, my daughter was born and I went
away for the 1st 10 months of her life. I'm going back. And I finished
my seat. Or I went to my short tour, and I qualified as an exile
for ages cruisers, command of a small boy. My son was born and they
wanted to send me back. Have to see for another four years. So the
radishes, um, they're at a kind of warning off. At that point, I had
done everything I wanted to do. I qualified for command to see I
had been there, done the job. I've seen the world that I've been in
every ocean on the planet, so I was not ready. I have the cheers between
you know, my family and being my love, the Navy on I heard my wife,
so I decided to stay with the family. But I will say I did go into
the reserves. I was able to finish out by 12 years in the reserves
and have a 30 year career. So it gets hard. That's a decision that
everyone has to make individually, Um, and there's no way around it.
It's just a decision that you have to make when those trolls are
born and you will have Children. Presumably, you know, in a 30 year
career you may get married and have Children.